hello and welcome to the program more
than 40,000 Palestinian men women and
children have been killed in almost 11
months of Israel's Relentless war on
Gaza making it one of the most
devastating military campaigns in recent
history that Grim Milestone comes on the
same day new efforts have started here
in Doha to broker a ceasefire but with
Israel's genocide in Gaza continuing the
number killed is set to keep Rising z b
begins our
coverage tens of thousands of lives
violently
taken tens of thousands of voices
forever
silenced for the dead the suffering is
over for the living the agony of
survival 40,000 men women children and
babies 40,000 Sons daughters mothers
fathers 40,000 people often left in
pieces for friends and family to
mourn sometimes buried by strangers
because whole families have been wiped
out attack helicopters and air strikes
drones tanks and artillery pounding one
of the most densely populated civilian
areas in the world 40,000 victims of the
kind of indiscriminate bombing that
might seem unimaginable in the 21st
century victims whom Israel's government
has coldly characterized as 40,000 human
shields for me 40,000 people is tens of
thousands of parents whose lives will
never be the same because they've lost
their children it's thousands and
thousands of children who have forever
lost their parents and it's ongoing and
I think that's what people struggle to
understand that all those people who
have not been killed all those people
who are trying to get through without a
parent in the trauma having lost a child
are currently living in tents still
going through
bombardment the impact of bombs and
bullets is often immediate
but many die after being crushed under
collapsed buildings or from preventable
infections disease and
starvation because Israel is blocking
medical supplies and food from entering
Gaza it can mean a slower death
seemingly more
cruel if this happened in any European
country there would have been a reaction
condemnation and a stronger response we
are at a stage where a person in Gaza
has no value they just the
number can you imagine what 40,000 means
it is a catastrophic number that the
world cannot imagine despite this the
world sees is aware hears and watches us
every day every minute but remains
silent and we are powerless we are
exhausted we have no energy
left enough even if this is revenge
against Palestinians they have taken
enough Revenge enough intervention is
needed what is happening proves that the
world is complicit with Israel and the
entire world is intent on the
destruction of the Palestinian
people even if the war ended today past
conflicts show indirect long-term
effects continue for years and it is a
near certainty that the death toll in
Gaza will continue to
rise in a letter published in the
medical journal the Lancet experts
predict the final count will not be
measured in the tens of thousands but in
the hundreds of thousands
and while massacres can be measured the
scale of death put into numbers the
level of suffering and Trauma now and
going forward is
incalculable Zan basravi Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get latest news from Al jazer